# hello-world
Github Training Guide repository

Im a computer geek who failed a BSc in Computer Science on the grounds that jealous flatmates with wandering girlfriends can make your life hell while you were busy sailing through a course in stuff you mostly already knew but didnt know the names for. You're maybe reading this because you are what is known colloquially as a nosey bastard but are not well versed enough in the science of sociology to be aware what the scientific nomenclature for the species of socialogical units that a nosey bastard is described as by those who have attained a BSc in Sociology.

With this entertaining introduction to me, as recommended by the GitHub guide I am currently learning from, let me emphasise that I know my Array from my Endian in Computer Science as much as any BSc in Computer Science but even though Im not a doctor, I also know my arse from elbow and find some of their carcinoma inducing practices as proctalgic as any physician who regarded an elbow a useful mixture of bone, tendon, cartilage, veins and fat with which to administer a healing remedy to those aspects of science showing contraindications of suitability for use by such scientists swearing to the god of veritas within a cardiologists worst confusion that such science is suitable at least that it do no harm but ideally that such endeavour should bring the blessings of veritas that healing does occur in the body of the patient, regardless of the healing of the holistic body that the patient forms a mere part. Rejecting the god of mars as folly to follow but none-the-less an ally in the holistic realms beyond the veritasian purity of the various philosophical "gems" we seek as scientists.

Computer Science is the study of mens arseholes. What has man shit out of its arse having consumed a variety of things to produce what is to the most high god, pure shite. As shite as the nests the little birds build, the termites structures and the honey bees homes, the lions dens and all the rest of the crap to the tiniest things the meat creates to the enormous structures that man the great builder has constructed, all of it, pure shite, compared to the ways of the always so.

The great mountains and hills and valleys and islands and isthmuses and plains upon which this pure shite is in a constant process of construction and destruction is an ancient world filled with mysteries beyond that which man in all his scientific advancement seems mostly completely oblivious to. The five senses and the various instruments we have constructed to observe and measure and name this bewildering creation we find ourselves in, blown out of the water as a potential nothingness compared to the many things that we know that we do not know. The sudden introduction of discovering there are things we do not know that we do not know brings with it the dangers of chaotic flow within a channel once laminar that civil engineers attached hopelessly to the earthly realm could barely comprehend to exist, except perhaps having skills ehich are earthly that may rub off in areas of truth distal to 5-sense scientific perception which leads to a certain calling to be made to scientist of a particular specialty to a realm beyond that which would within this knowledge be called the earthly realm. From the terrestrial to the extra-terrestrial, a man of flesh and spirit is called by means of communicating to the man, the true nature of the spirit such that the man now knows the nature of parts of his being that the knowledge had previously been suppressed for the man. A scientist aware of the five senses suddenly confronted with the undeniable truth that there are in fact more than five senses except everyone remains quiet about the fact they can hear or speak to one another in ways that go beyond mere flirtive glances of the eyes. Now the scientist is confronted with the majesty of the place where holy people have said their prayers to, aware that any scientific endeavours of destructive nature are watched by potentially all and any who may take umbridge to a scientist who might indulge in doing harmful things against them.

To heal, or do no harm.

So Im half scientist, half spiritual, but this isnt my resume. This is about me. Yeah me! Me! Me! Me! ...and github suggesting I do something about myself in this readme file in the first branch of the master branch of the hello-world tutorial project.

scfduffy@gmail.com
